INTRODUTION 
Our project combines poverty, food access, and crime data to determine neighborhood livability. We also considered looking at average income, but we decided that it would be represented between our poverty and crime data. We also gave more weight to food access, because while there was a range of crime scores for each neighborhood, we empirically noticed that neighborhoods we considered to be "nicer" had less violent crime. 

THE METRIC
Our analysis on poverty and food gave us additional insight into the livability of Pittsburgh's neighborhoods. Poverty rate is an integral metric when determining the livability of any given community, with lower-income areas receiving less money, having fewer/worse/poorly maintained public facilities, as well as being more dangerous. We also considered food accessibility within any given neighborhood. Because most people consume food, grocerys stores and convenience stores/bodegas. the accessibility of grocery stores in walking distance is important for quality of life. This also promotes varied diets, leading to healthier lifestyles and quality of life. 

We also analyzed data on crime to better understand the safety of each neighborhood in Pittsburgh. Crime is an important part in determining quality of life in a given neighborhood. High-crime areas are typically less attractive for people to visit and live in. In our analysis of crime, we looked at how many arrests occurred in each neighborhood and which crimes were the highest in each neighborhood. The type of offense matters when drawing conclusions on livability because non-violent crimes do not tarnish the safety of a given neighborhood. Pairing crime with the population allows for us to look at the crime rate in each neighborhood to determine how many arrests occur in each neighborhood over a given year. 

THE BEST NEIGHBORHOOD
Crime, poverty, and food access were the three metrics we used to determine livability, and with this data we concluded that Strip District. Although there were more arrests in the Strip District than many of the other neighborhoods, the actual crime rate per the population in the Script District for the year 2020 was less than 0.05. Furthermore, a majority of the crimes committed in Strip District were non-violent. Although there were 31 cases of simple assault, the other two highest offenses were bench warrants and failure to appear in court. Overall, the Strip District is a very safe neighborhood in Pittsburgh. When looking at poverty and access to food, the Strip District had one of the lowest poverty rates out of any neighborhood in Pittsburgh. Not only are the Strip District's poverty levels low, but the Strip District had the highest access to food out of any neighborhood in the dataframe. Overall, the Strip District is a relatively safe neighborhood with little violent crime, low levels of poverty, and high access to food, making it the ideal neighborhood to visit in Pittsburgh.
